## 🖥 Installation
### 💻 Installation Process

To install and launch the application, please follow the steps below:

1. **Run the installer**

   Double-click the `KNXBoostDesktop_installer_vX.X.exe` file to start the installation wizard.

2. **Bypass the “Windows protected your PC” message**

   When the “Windows protected your PC” message appears:
   
   * Click on **"More info"**.
   * Then click on **"Run anyway"**.
   
   > **Note:** **_This does not mean the application is dangerous._** This message is generated by **Microsoft Defender SmartScreen**, a security feature built into Windows. It appears when you try to run an application downloaded from the Internet that is not yet recognized by Microsoft. This does not mean the application is dangerous, but simply that it has not yet been widely downloaded and verified by Microsoft.

3. **Allow changes**

   If the system displays a User Account Control (UAC) prompt, click **"Yes"** to allow the application to make changes to your device.

4. **Select the language**

   Choose the installation language from the drop-down menu and click **"OK"**.

5. **Create a desktop icon**

   Check the **"Create a desktop icon"** box if you want to create a KNX Boost Desktop application icon on your desktop. Click **"Next"** to continue.

6. **Ready to install**

   A summary window will appear, click **"Install"** to begin the installation.

7. **Installation complete**

   Once the installation is complete, you will see a confirmation window. Check the **"Launch KNX Boost Desktop"** box if you want to start the application immediately, then click **"Finish"**.

[← Go back](../README-EN.md)
